APPS-1721 Add service config description to README.MD (#380)
aerospike/aerospike-backup-service: README.md

    source-cluster: abs-cluster         # <--- Refers to the cluster name under aerospike-clusters
    storage: s3                         # <--- Refers to the storage name under storage
    backup-policy: dailyBackupPolicy    # <--- Refers to the policy name under backup-policies

service:
  http:
    port: 9000
  logger:
    level: INFO
    file-writer:
      filename: /var/log/aerospike-backup-service.log
```

Several configuration fields in the YAML file are marked with `May affect performance`.
These settings, such as parallel, file-limit, min-part-size, and compression,
can have a significant impact on backup throughput.
We recommend experimenting with different values in your environment to find the optimal balance.

> The service configuration `service` section configures core behaviors of the Aerospike Backup Service itself,
> such as how it exposes its HTTP interface and how it logs internal operations. See the `dto.BackupServiceConfig` section
> in [specification](https://aerospike.github.io/aerospike-backup-service/)  for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `service` section configures the operation settings of the Aerospike Backup Service,
which include logging and HTTP endpoint. See the `dto.BackupServiceConfig` schema
in [OpenAPI specification](https://aerospike.github.io/aerospike-backup-service/) for details.
```
